When the plane landed after the attack, the commander rushed to the scene.
The pilot was injured badly and was bleeding profusely.
The commander saw this and said,
The plane cannot return to the scene in this condition.
The reality is not clear.
The commander said,
The plane was not controlled by the flesh, but by the soul.
The commander decided to control the soul.
In the battle of Malawi,
The Prince of Wales was hit by 60,000 bullets.
If the plane came to the scene, the plane would have run away.
When the plane was relieved,
The air force entered the scene.
The air force was not in the scene.
The plane started to shoot 36,000 bullets.
This is the first time since the world war.
The 36,000 bullets were flying around the plane.
The air force was bravely shooting the bullets.
At that time,
According to the experience of a young air force,
I do not know if I was hit by a bullet.
I just stared at the standard telescope.
I was hit by a bullet, but I saw a blue eyeball.
I was hit by a blue eyeball of the water force on the Prince of Wales.
Another young air force saw the Prince of Wales.
The bullets were flying around.
But there were still enemies.
While there were enemies, I was told not to fall.
I was hit by a bullet.
I was overlapped with the Prince of Wales.
I went to the shrine of the shrine maiden of my village.
I was told that I saw my mother praying for me.
In fact, on the day of the death,
My mother was the young air force.
She bravely gave courage to shoot the bullets.